# Node.js Mentorship Team Meeting 2018-10-05

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2SOKHNgP7E
* **GitHub Issue:** https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/96
* **Previous Minutes:** https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/blob/master/meeting/09-22-2018.md

## Present

- Ahmad Bamieh ([@Bamieh](https://github.com/Bamieh))
- Dan Shaw ([@dshaw](https://github.com/dshaw))
- A.J. Roberts ([@detrohutt](https://github.com/detrohutt))
- Ben Coe ([@bcoe](https://github.com/bcoe))

### Agenda

Extracted from mentorship-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from the mentorship repo prior to the meeting.

- Notify attendee about successful registration [#97](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/97)

**TOPIC**

Mentorship Team Meeting Notes

- Ahmad is not preparing slides for presentation, will just be talking about key points of program and making a call to action
- We should send an email to everyone who has applied letting them know the current status of the program
- Would be cool if an applicants could see where they are in the process and opt out, etc
  - Could potentially leverage Individual Mentorship Accounts
  - Opting out could be
- We will reach out to the Website Redesign Team to make sure we are aligned on our interests
- We eventually want to move from Google Forms to something more tied to Node.js
  - so i.e. future members of the team can ask the Org for access
- We should add a checkbox to Google Forms asking whether people are already Node.js Organization members
- We may need to make the forms require sign-in so they can be edited later
- We should add a checkbox to Google Forms asking whether mentees are interested in eventually becoming a mentor
- Ahmad updated the list of applicants for whether each is an Org member
- Ben asked Rich about getting mentors at Code and Learn
  - Rich thinks we'd get more mentees than mentors and suggested other venues
- We should give higher priority to applicants from Node.js Interactive
  

**Action Items**

- @Bamieh agreed to open an issue for cohort 2 prep items
- @dshaw agreed to follow up with mhdawson regarding the issue creation script
- @bcoe agreed to collect requirements for how to collect names and decide who should get emailed
- @bcoe agreed to follow up with the people Rich mentioned for venues for acquiring mentors
- @dshaw agreed to carry Ben's gathered email requirements to relevant committees
- @detrohutt agreed to write meeting notes for this meeting and the previous meeting
- The team agreed to review and prepare slides for Interactive

### Youtube Comments

There were no actionable comments
