# Node.js Mentorship Team Meeting 2018-10-19

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQ3xxHJgxIU
* **GitHub Issue:** No issue created
* **Previous Minutes:** https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/blob/master/meeting/10-05-2018.md

## Present

- A.J. Roberts ([@detrohutt](https://github.com/detrohutt))
- Dan Shaw ([@dshaw](https://github.com/dshaw))
- Ben Coe ([@bcoe](https://github.com/bcoe))
- David Guttman ([@davidguttman](https://github.com/davidguttman))

### Agenda

Extracted from mentorship-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from the mentorship repo prior to the meeting.

- Want to attend a meeting, but the time doesn't work for me :( [#103](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/103)

**TOPIC**

Mentorship Team Meeting Notes

- People at Node.js Interactive wanted to know how they can get their boss to support them in working on Node during work
    - Create a value proposition people can show their boss explaining the advantages of allowing them to contribute time
- We need people on the Mentorship Team that have availability during the week to do upkeep on the program
- JSLA has been conducting a mentorship program very similar to our own
    - Consider collaborating with JSLA
- Consider sending a Team Member to HackIllinois to mentor and then segue that into our program
    - request travel funds?
- We'd like to see the scope of the program extend eventually to projects other than Node.js
    - Need to complete a few more cohorts and have a more defined process first
    - Need better onboarding and make it so the Team is not blocking progress for participants
- Engage Morgan and others and bring them on to the Mentorship Team to collaborate and triage
- Get mentee list for next cohort settled
- Reach out to individual Node Members about possibly mentoring
    - Use what mentees say they're interested in to help direct us where/who to reach out to about mentoring
- Provide specific options for mentoring as opposed to 'Tell us about yourself'
- Consider a recurring group kickoff/orientation in place of scheduling "1-on-1's"
- David is interested in continuing to participate so we'll continue to invite him to the meetings and are grateful for and looking forward to his continued involvement :)
  

**Action Items**

- @dshaw agreed to follow up with mhdawson regarding the issue creation script
- @detrohutt agreed to invite current program participants to next meeting
- @detrohutt agreed to write meeting notes for this meeting

### Youtube Comments

There were no actionable comments
