# Node.js Mentorship team Meeting 2018-04-20

## Links

* **Recording**: 
* **GitHub Issue:** https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/22 
* **Previous Minutes:**
* **THIS IS A COPY FROM ORIGINAL FILE**https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FAUuolJbkxG0oje8rBpqyH2XqgGPlHDX6WMIotSIyUk/edit#heading=h.ngw60qem7vsh 

## Present

- Dan Shaw (@dshaw - CommComm member, User Feedback champion)
- Ahmad Bamieh (@Bamieh)
- Oleg Koval (@oleg-koval)
- Opesanya Adebayo (@bayo)
- SÃ©bastien D. (@demsking)
- Agiri Abraham JNR. (@codeekage)
- Brian Giggle (@BGiggle)
- Miquel Ortega (@wolmi)
- Kostas Kapetanakis (@kapekost)
- Benjamin Coe (@benjamincoe)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson1)
- Ryan Lewis (@ryanmurakami)
- Forrest L Norvell (@othiym23)
- Myles Borins (@mylesborins)

### Agenda

Extracted from mentorship-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from the mentorship repo prior to the meeting.

- Mentorship Moderation #35
- Peer support subgroup for mentors #33
- Create a mentorship subgroup focused on to identify 6 month projects in Node.js #30

**TOPIC**
Everyone introduced themselves.


## Upcoming Meetings
* The next meeting is scheduled for Friday, 2018-04-20 at 17:00 UTC / noon ET / 11am CT / 9am PT.
* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar
 - Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own calendar.
