# Node.js Mentorship Team Meeting 2018-08-25

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhkSIuhu28g
* **GitHub Issue:** No issue created
* **Previous Minutes:** https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/blob/master/meeting/2018-07-27.md

## Present

- Ahmad Bamieh ([@Bamieh](https://github.com/Bamieh))
- Dan Shaw ([@dshaw](https://github.com/dshaw))
- A.J. Roberts ([@detrohutt](https://github.com/detrohutt))
- Ben Coe ([@bcoe](https://github.com/bcoe))

### Agenda

Extracted from mentorship-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from the mentorship repo prior to the meeting.

- How to handle mentor/mentee pair deciding to work together after graduation ([#88](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/88))
- Codify consequences of failure to meet program expectations ([#86](https://github.com/nodejs/mentorship/issues/86))

**TOPIC**

Mentorship Team Meeting Notes

- 2 kickoffs completed
- 1 mentor didn’t respond
- Ben lost 1 of his 2 mentees and will keep to a single mentee for round 1
- Ben’s mentee Jennifer has written two articles she hopes to share on Medium
  - One under The Linux Foundation publication, and the other under FreeCodeCamp publication
  - That seems to be moving forward and could be a good way to raise awareness and get more mentors
- mhdawson expressed interest in facilitating a project orientation
  - We’re waiting until we have a solid plan for round 2 before asking him to join meetings etc.
- The Community Corner at JS Interactive could be a good opportunity to create some engagement around the project
- Some slides or other content about the program would be useful in several contexts/venues
- We should weight more towards potential future mentors as candidates in the next cohort
- We will need to recruit more members for the Mentorship Team as the cohort size grows
  - We should focus more on diversity as we do so
- We should start delegating more to members on the team and create more specialized roles
  - Right now we need more people to conduct kickoff meetings
- Initial matching should be verified privately with the mentor, but then moved to GitHub for scheduling, etc
- We should work on setting some policy and procedures for things that we become aware of that may arise and how to deal with them
- Pre-vetting mentors by having them attend orientation should help reduce flakiness during the program
  - Mentors could be invited to attend our biweekly meetings but if it conflicts with their schedule we should try to set up a separate time for a team member to meet with them
- We should go ahead and start planning, securing mentors, and selecting mentees for the second round and documenting the process so it will be more straight-forward in the future
- Part of the plan for the next round should involve presenting something to the TSC and CommComm to more proactively invite mentors, possibly including Ben so he can share his experience so far

**Action Items**

- @Bamieh agreed to open an issue for cohort 2 prep items
- @dshaw agreed to follow up with mhdawson and open an issue in the repo to track that
- @detrohutt agreed to create the meeting notes

### Youtube Comments

No relevant comments.
