# Node.js Mentorship Team Meeting 2018-09-22

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6Pm48T9fPc
* **GitHub Issue:** No issue created
* **Previous Minutes:** Not yet created

## Present

- Ahmad Bamieh ([@Bamieh](https://github.com/Bamieh))
- Dan Shaw ([@dshaw](https://github.com/dshaw))
- A.J. Roberts ([@detrohutt](https://github.com/detrohutt))
- Ben Coe ([@bcoe](https://github.com/bcoe))

### Agenda

Extracted from mentorship-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from the mentorship repo prior to the meeting.

No agenda items

**TOPIC**

Mentorship Team Meeting Notes

- The Mentorship Progam was one of the most engaged posts across Node.js channels
- An email was sent discussing the possibility of creating some social media accounts for the Mentorship Program
  - Good for sharing progress updates and recognizing contributions and success stories of participants
- We are doing really well with attracting mentees but not as well with attracting mentors
  - We either need to validate whether mentees are still available or encourage mentors
  - We should have more mentors after Node Interactive
  - Most core contributors still don't know about the Mentorship Program
- We have 1500 mentees applied!
- We have time scheduled to announce the program at Community Corner, beginning of Collab Summit
- We should ask permission to announce at the end of Code and Learn
- We should add a form field to indicate whether or not applied mentors are currently in the Node Organization
- Previous action items
  - I (A.J.) created meeting notes for the previous meeting (according to meeting, but it turns out I did not)
  - Dan still needs to get Michael Dawson to set up the automatic meeting issue generation
  - Bamieh is still working on an issue about cohort 2 prep items
    - He's prioritizing working on the presentation slides since the event is soon
 - We should start the next cohort after the event
 - We should find out what closure means for a grouping
 - We will allow groupings to continue working together after scheduled cohhort if they'd like
 - Dan would like to invite the current cohort to the October 5th (today) meeting to get feedback
 - A.J. proposed starting a mentee forum but it was decided Slack and GitHub are sufficient

**Action Items**

- @Bamieh agreed to open an issue for cohort 2 prep items
- @Bamieh agreed to reach out to the cohort about attending the next meeting
- @bcoe agreed to reach out to Rich Trott to get time for the program at Code and Learn
- @bcoe agreed to create a PR to add himself to the Mentorship Team
- @dshaw agreed to follow up with mhdawson regarding the issue creation script
- @detrohutt agreed to create the meeting notes

### Youtube Comments

Comments were addressed during the stream
